OCBUGS-15814_413 Updated step 5 in the Runnning the Installation section (#80833)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sts-mode-installing-manual-run-installer.adoc

$ cp /<path_to_ccoctl_output_dir>/manifests/* ./manifests/
----

> . Copy the `tls` directory containing the private key that the `ccoctl` generated to the installation directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Copy the `tls` directory that contains the private key to the installation directory:
```

I think the previous command should explain ccoctl's part in the process.

Author: I agree. Like the rewrite
